after these things when the rough of
king ahasuerus subsided he remembered
Vashti what she had done and what had
been decreed against her then the king's
servants who attended him said let
beautiful young virgins be sought for
the king and let the King appoint
officers in all the provinces of his
kingdom that they may gather all the
beautiful young virgins to xuxa and the
Citadel into the women's quarters under
the custody of he guy the Kings eunuch
custodian of the women and let beauty
preparations be given them then let the
young woman who pleases the King be
queen instead of Vashti this thing
pleased the king and he did so in
Shushan the citadel there was a certain
Jew whose name was Mordecai the son of
jr. the son of shimmy I the son of Kish
a Benjamite Kish had been carried away
from Jerusalem with the captives who are
being captured with Jeconiah king of
Judah whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of
Babylon had carried away and Mordecai
had brought up Hadassah that is Esther
his uncle's daughter
for she had neither father nor mother
the young woman was lovely and beautiful
when her father and mother died
Mordechai took her as his own daughter
so it was when the Kings command and
decree were heard and when many young
women were gathered to xuxa on the
Citadel under the custody of he guy that
Esther also was taken to the king's
palace into the care of he guy the
custodian of the women now the young
woman pleased him and she obtained his
favor so he readily gave Beauty
preparations to her besides her
allowance then seven choice maid
servants were provided for her from the
king's palace and he moved her and her
maid servants to the best place in the
house of the women Esther had not
revealed her people or family for
Mordecai had charged her not to reveal
it and every day Mordecai paced in front
of the court of the women's quarters to
learn of Esther's welfare and what was
happening to her each young woman's turn
came to go in to King Ahasuerus after
she had completed 12 months preparation
according to the regulation for the
women for thus were the days of their
preparation apportioned six months with
oil of myrrh and six months with
perfumes and preparations for
beautifying women
[Music]
thus prepared each young woman went to
the king and she was given whatever she
desired to take with her from the
women's quarters to the king's palace in
the evening she went and in the morning
she returned to the second house of the
women to the custody of Shay ash cos the
Kings eunuch who kept the concubines she
would not go to the King again unless
the King delighted in her and called for
her by name but when the turn came for
Esther the daughter of Abby hail the
uncle of Mordecai who had taken her as
his daughter to go into the king she
requested nothing but what he guy the
Kings eunuch the custodian of the women
advised and Esther obtained favor in the
sight of all who saw her
[Music]
so Esther was taken to King Ahasuerus
into his royal palace in the tenth month
which is the month of T birth in the
seventh year of his reign the King loved
Esther more than all the other women and
she obtained Grace and favor in his
sight more than all the virgins so he
set the royal crown upon her head and
made her Queen instead of Vashti then
the King made a great feast the feast of
Esther for all his officials and
servants and he proclaimed a holiday in
the provinces and gave gifts according
to the generosity of a king when virgins
were gathered together a second time
Mordecai sat within the Kings gate now
Esther had not revealed her family and
her people just as Mordecai had charged
her for Esther obeyed the command of
Mordecai as when she was brought up by
him
in those days while mordecai sat within
the Kings gate two of the king's eunuchs
big fan and tarish doorkeepers became
furious and sought to lay hands on King
Ahasuerus
so the matter became known to Mordecai
who told Queen Esther and Esther
informed the king in Mordecai's name and
when an inquiry was made into the matter
it was confirmed and both were hanged on
a gallows and it was written in the book
of The Chronicles in the presence of the
king
[Music]
you